quickstart: Use `PolicyServer` instead of `Policy Server` (#94)
kubewarden/docs: src/quick-start.md

* The ClusterAdmissionPolicy
* The AdmissionPolicy

### PolicyServer

> A Kubewarden `PolicyServer` is completely managed by the `kubewarden-controller` and multiple `PolicyServers` can be deployed in the same Kubernetes cluster.

Reviewer: I’m not sure we should be capitalising the pluralised version.

Possibly, we can rephrase it to:

```suggestion
A Kubewarden `PolicyServer` is completely managed by the `kubewarden-controller` and multiple instances of the `PolicyServer` can be deployed in the same Kubernetes cluster.
```

Author: Using the plural is ok, the Kubernetes CRD defines singular and plural names:
https://github.com/kubewarden/kubewarden-controller/blob/e0433fc3774d06dcf5e08bf2c600ad0117b89448/config/crd/bases/policies.kubewarden.io_policyservers.yaml#L15

Reviewer: Cool, then LGTM! Sorry :)

Author: thanks! merging
